{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1031\deflangfe1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1515;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang2057\b\f0\fs20 DCFF Sample Decks:\par
\b0\par
\par
\b Clean the Greenwood [Thranduil]:\par
\b0\par
objectives:\par
1. Score some weapons at sites in Mirkwood\par
2. Invade Dol Guldur, Clean the Greenwood, and do some Great Hunting\par
hazards: Elves & Wizards\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Bladorthin (Trusted Counsellor), Legolas (Bow of Yew), Wood-elf (Star-glass), Haldir\par
- move early on to Dol Guldur to invert Towers Destroyed. You could play an item there, but only Aranruth is really worth tapping the site for, as you'll need to wait till after exhausting to return there.\par
- play more items at sites in Mirkwood, as well as Clean the Greenwood and animal factions (can be played at tapped sites). Sideboard a 3rd faction in to complete Lord of Wood and Beast.\par
- tap Thranduil to get Muster, Many Turns and Doublings, Desperate Strike, Refuge and Elf-path to the discard pile. Get them to hand using The King's Hunting, Prince of Mirkwood, and Wardens.\par
- increase your GI quickly by getting Emerald of Doriath on Thranduil or Bladorthin, via Possessions of the Green-elves.\par
- recycle Muster to play the animal factions. Use Greenwood the Great to get one of them back from the discard (or a character).\par
- sideboard The Great Hunt in to do some Hunting (using Desperate Strike/Well Aimed to defeat creatures with body).\par
- sideboard Pass the Doors in, and Rescue Prisoners near end of cycle, and move to Dol Guldur again to finish the job.\par
- for faster storing there is also Safe from the Shadow, and for more MP's Elves of Taur R\'f3men [sideboard].\par
- if the mission is not likely to succeed, as backup plan, go for killing creatures with Legendary Hunt and The Hunt [sideboard], using Desperate Strike to kill creatures with body.\par
\par
\par
\b Dark Technologies [Sauron]:\par
\b0\par
objectives:\par
1. Forge some Dwarven and Magic Rings at Amon Lind\par
2. Do some spying and find out about Elven Rings\par
hazards: roaming Orc bands\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Threlin, Carambor (Binding Ring, Bow of Yew), Celedhring (Maranya), Luitprand\par
- move early on to Amon Lind to play Gleaming Gold Rings, Essays on Ringcraft, and The Names Among Them. Use Carambor to move there in 1 turn.\par
- keep Amon Lind untapped, using Come By Night and Catch an Elusive Scent. Or untap it with Durin's Ring (if tapped, Dwarven Cunning can keep it in play).\par
- protect Celedhring with Wielded Twice and Bow of Yew. He\rquote s your main ring tester.\par
- bring Broin or Anarin into play at Moria to cancel the automatic-attack and easily get Stinker.\par
- move back and forth to Carn D\'fbm to store Essays and Names among Them (and draw cards). \par
- Use Whispers of Rings to reserve a Dwarven- or Spirit Ring. Use Lidless Eye to get lesser rings to deck; if a test for Gleaming Gold Ring fails, you can fish it out. Get magic rings preferably with Essays on Ringcraft.\par
- depending on the opponent or your current location, get Knowledge of Vilya, Narya or Nenya from sideboard.\par
- boost an Elf warrior (Carambor) with Ring of Courage/The Reviled Ring /Ring of Guile/Binding Ring, and send him alone to get the Knowledge (use Ruse to deflect the strike). Reserve a Voices of Malice to protect against corruption.\par
- use one of your big Dwarves with a Dwarven Ring to bring in Petty Dwarves and/or Dunlendings [sideboard].\par
- if you have a Dwarf leader, I\rquote ll Be at Your Heels [sideboard] can protect against corruption. \par
\par
\par
\b Defenders of Arnor [Elrond]:\par
\par
\b0 objectives:\par
1. Raid, Rebuild and Reconstruct some Towers\par
2. Bring the Angmarim to your side, plunder the Under-deeps and become Elf-king\par
hazards: Waterdragons and various\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Glorfindel (Trusted Counsellor, Bow of Yew), Beretar (Herbs), Aramacar (Elven Rope), Halbarad\par
- leave Halbarad behind at Rivendell to become an Elf-friend, score some Possessions of the High Elves, and sing Marvels Told\par
- your main company will roam Angmar and Arthedain, playing items and Reconstructed Towers.\par
- use Elven Bridge to travel safely in Angmar.\par
- play Tower Raided at Mount Gram and Hidden Haven it. Leave someone behind to keep it in play. \par
- afterwards, get Rebuild the Town from sideboard and Fortress Reclaimed; discard Hidden Haven and play these 2 on Mount Gram, allowing you to play Angmarim at the site.\par
- use Great Road to keep Elrond in Rivendel, so you can recycle resources with Vilya (and Ring of Air).\par
- Vilya and some other resources will have to come from sideboard; tap Elrond to get them to the discard\par
\par
\par
\b Dol Guldur Revisited [Thr\'e1in]:\par
\b0\par
objectives: \par
1. Rescue some Prisoners, Passing the Doors of Dol Guldur.\par
2. Play one or several Dwarven Rings and use their power to influence the Ironfists and recruit characters\par
hazards: Dwarves and Maiar.\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Thorin (Oakenshield, Trusted Counsellor), Gulla (Lost Tome), Dworin, Nali (Shield)\par
- move to Dol Guldur early on, using Amon Lanc to get Pass the Doors (or Thr\'e1in himself) from the discard.\par
- tap Thr\'e1in to get Pass the Doors, Last of the Seven, Block and Test of Fire to your discard pile, and recycle these with your stage cards. Preferably test for Dwarven Rings with Ringlore however.\par
- Lost Tome can be used for playing Ringlore at Dol Guldur.\par
- use Durin's Ring to untap Dol Guldur, so you can move away and return for Rescue Prisoners later. Return to Old Dwellings can also keep the site tapped in play, but it's not without risk.\par
- use Dworin to prevent Old Grudge from leaving play.\par
- you don't start with a sage, but there are plenty in deck (or start with King's Advisor if you prefer)\par
- if Thr\'e1in bears a Dwarven Ring, use Foundations of the Hoard (sideboard) to make hoard items (e.g. The Arkenstone) playable at Dol Guldur.\par
- beware Bane of the Ithil Stone, and minions at Dol Guldur. Orc-mail (sideboard) might help out.\par
- be sure to have 3 types of battle-gear items in play for Clad for War.\par
\par
\par
\b Down, Down to Mithril Town [Dwar the Ringwraith]:\b0\par
\par
objectives:\par
1. Descend into the Under-deeps, searching for Axes, Shields and a Dwarven Ring. \par
2. Set up a Vein of Arda with the aid of Maranya, and finally dig for Mithril at the Under-gates\par
hazards: Spiders and Animals are Protecting Their Domain\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Thulin II (His Beard Long and Forged), Dr\'f3r (Open to the Summons), Gulla, N\'e1in, Br\'f3in\par
- Get ready to move into Under-deeps, via a site like Goblin-gate, Moria, Mount Gundabad or The Wind Throne, depending on your starting hand (major/greater/ring item, Stinker, or a test card)\par
- Dwar will stay at Dol Guldur to sideboard and/or increase your fighting power.\par
- Test for a Dwarven Ring with Secrets of Their Forging, either above ground (Wind Throne) or Under-ground (Under-galleries).\par
- Once you get a Dwarven Ring, get the Dwarf factions from sideboard. \par
- play Great Secrets Buried There on yourself to get your Gold Ring items at a convenient Under-deeps site.\par
- If Celedhring appears at Dol Guldur, play Maranya (sideboard, via Whispers). Then sideboard Vein of Arda and later Mithril in. There is also The Balrog, try to play both at The Under-gates in 1 visit.\par
- Get I'll Be at Your Heals from sideboard as command card to deal with corruption.\par
- nb.Threlin/Gulla are Ironfist, Dwarf/Fori are Longbeards, and Nain/Broin are Firebeards\par
\par
\par
\b Forests of Old [Galadriel]:\par
\b0\par
objectives:\par
1. Search for magic and Dwarven rings, and get Treebeard and Tom Bombadil together.\par
2. Move to Mount Doom to Raid the cracks of doom.\par
hazards: Awakened Plants and a few Elves\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Thranduil (Bow of Yew), Celeborn Lord of Lorien (Trusted Counsellor), Wood-elf (Elven Rope).\par
- your starting company will play gold rings and Essays. These you can test with Ringlore or Aegnor (or Wizard's Test with Ancient Skill; both sideboard). A Long Good Talk can give +2 to the test.\par
- sideboard Tom Bombadil in early; once you get Treebeard, you can move to Tom's House using A Long Good Talk. \par
- Long Good Talk requires Thranduil, C\'edrdan is only as backup in pool. If you have neither characters, Galadriel will have to get moving, otherwise she stays at L\'f3rien.\par
- tap Galadriel to get Leaf Brooch, Waybread 2x, Cup of Farewell and Nenya to the discard. Use Galadriel, Lady of Many Gifts and Ring of Water to get them to hand.\par
- prepare for a journey into Mordor via Nurn, playing as many food items (Waybread, Cram) at L\'f3rien and Cerin Amroth.\par
- use Leaf Brooch to discard when testing a ring early on, but also reserve it when going for Tower Raided.\par
- nearing the end of your cycle, sideboard Tower Raided in. Move to Mount Doom (using Waybread/Elven Rope), and invert Into the Smoking Cone, which you can store there using A Long Good Talk.\par
- with a Dwarven Ring on Galadriel you can play The Elf-king [sideboard].\par
\par
\par
\b Friends of Yore [C\'edrdan]:\par
\b0\par
objectives:\par
1. Muster Factions in Gondor and establish a base there\par
2. Rescue a friend at Barad-d\'fbr and defeat E\'e4rcarax\'eb\par
hazards: Awakened Plants and animals\par
play tips:\par
starting company: Bladorthin (Elf-stone), Surion (Thrall of the Voice, Shield of Iron), Shipwright (Cram), Wood-elf\par
- move to Gondor, using Shipwright and Cram for extra regions (or play an item on the way there)\par
- C\'edrdan stays at Grey Havens intially, to sideboard and keep handsize up. Tap him to bring Belegaer, Star of High Hope, Healing Song, Kindling of the Spirit, Cloudless Day (or Moon) to discard pile.\par
- Play Hidden Haven at Haudh-en-Gwanur, and move Cirdan there (with Belegaer)\par
- use a Nazgul or Maia/Elflord to bring the Dragons from sideboard to discard, and get them to hand with Parsimony of Seclusion. \par
- once you have Wormsbane, set E\'e4rcaraxe up for a kill under Keeper of the Passage, for which you can use Old Thrush (sideboard) and Nenseld\'eb (Cloudless Day).\par
- sideboard Great Road, Friend of Yore and an item in, and move to Barad-d\'fbr (and back) from your Hidden Haven.\par
\par
\par
\b Hunting Orcs [Balin]:\par
\b0\par
objectives:\par
1. Score some weapons at hidden sites in the Misty Mountains\par
2. Invade Moria, slay The Balrog, and become Lord of Dwarrow-delf\par
hazards: Dwarves\par
play tips:\par
starting company: D\'e1in (Cram), Legolas (Thrall of the Voice, Herbs), Gimli Son of Gl\'f3in, Bombur (Pipe), Dori\par
- leave Bombur at Blue Mountains to smoke a Pipe and get minor items with Cup of Farewell. Station a King's Advisor (or Dr\'f3r) with him.\par
- use Hunting Orcs to get Wondrous Maps from sideboard and in play in Misty Mountains - Northern and/or Southern Spur.\par
- you can then play Mining Settlement and a Decent Giant there (as well as major items).\par
- tap Balin to bring Return to Old Dwellings, Longbottom Leaf 2x, Lord of Dwarrowdelf, and some non-unique Dwarves to the discard.\par
- move to Moria to play Return to Old Dwellings, and later Halls/Reconquest of Khazad-d\'fbm, and Folk of Durin.\par
- reserve Moria to play Book of Mazarbul, or if you tap it, use Forgotten Scrolls [sideboard] to untap it with Look More Closely [sideboard].\par
- sideboard Balrog of Moria in using a Wizard hazard-event, and use The Old Thrush/Deadly Dart [sideboard] to kill it (or recycle Desperate Strike).\par
- if you need extra SP's for Legacy, Lord of Dwarrowdelf or The Seven Houses, split companies at Blue Mountain Dwarfhold.\par
\par
\par
\b Not Badly Off [Thorin]:\par
\par
\b0 objectives:\par
1. Drop down to the Under-deeps, build a Fortress there, and dig for ancient heirlooms.\par
2. Do some Great Mining, and perhaps tunnel your way to Sauron's dungeons to liberate an Elven Smith.\par
hazards: Trolls & environments (to increase their playability)\par
starting company: Balin (Durin\rquote s Day, Promise of Treasure), Frerin (Trusted Counsellor, Pipe), Fr\'e1r (Miner's Pick), Gulla (Healing Herbs), Nali. Best not use all lef-over characters from pool.\par
- Balin stays behind to gather many small Dwarves with aid of Unexpected Party, fish minors with Cup of Farewell, sing Marvels, and to smoke a Pipe (transfer to smaller Dwarf).\par
- Your other party quickly starts mining for Veins of Arda and digging for Dwarven Light-stones. Thorin joins them.\par
- Set up the Deep Mountain Fortress at Drowning-deeps, or at Deep Mines if you got the SP's. From there you can always use New Tunnels to tunnel your way to other places, like Bree (Noble Hound, sideboard).\par
- Tap Thorin to get Unexpected Party, Secret Ways, Block, Dwarven Hoard and Liquid/ Blasting fire to the discard. Cycle these with Oakenshield, Durin's Day, and Dwarven Alchemist.\par
- Use your Forgotten Scrolls wisely to play Battle-axe of the Fallen and to move more easily. You do not need any rolls to move down, but you do to move up.\par
- Preferably choose Treasure for Hoard Gathering, the treasures are most plentiful (Torque, Light-stones, Noldo-lantern)\par
- once you've stored couple of ores and/or treasures, get A Good Bit Laid By from sideboard, and later Not Badly Off. Get Kheleglin if you feel up for it at Iron-deeps, or otherwise Noble Hound.\par
- Arkenstone is a hoard item in DC games, so use Dwarven Hoard to play it. If you need stage points to move to the Deep Mines, split your company at the Blue Mountain Dwarf-hold\par
\par
\b\par
Trade is King [Dain]:\b0\par
\par
1. Send out Carc time and again to learn Information and research The Lonely Mountain.\par
2. Score factions and items, setup a King under the Mountain, and regain Old Friendships.\par
hazards: Drakes laying a Wyrmsiege\par
play tips: \par
starting company: Thr\'e1in II, N\'e1in Son of Gr\'f3r (Trusted Counsellor, Necklace of Silver), Dori (Pipe), Dworin (Healing Herbs)\par
- Key cards to make the deck work are \i Carc \i0 and \i Songs of the Old.\i0  Once D\'e1in comes into play, tap him to bring \i Carc\i0  from sideboard to discard, together with some other cards (in oder of importance): \i Horn of Defiance\i0 , non-unique Dwarves, \i Mining Settlement(s), Longbottom Leaf\i0 , \i Magical Harp\i0 , \i At Your Service!, Son of D\'e1in\i0 . You can play \i Carc \i0 straight from the discard with a Longbeard Dwarf, the others can be recycled or taken to hand, by \i Songs of the Old\i0 ,\i  Pipe \i0 and \i Son of N\'e1in\i0 . \par
- Set up 1 company with a sage (N\'e1in, or a King's Advisor) and somebody smoking \i Pipe\i0  at The Lonely Mountain, with a \i Mining Settlement\i0 . \par
- Use \i Carc\i0  to make Information playable there, and untap the site with \i Look More Closely Later\i0 . Then tap D\'e1in again to bring \i Carc\i0  to the discard, and so on.\par
- There are items and factions in sideboard, which you get via the discard. Get an Instrument (\i Horn\i0 ) quickly from discard using \i Songs of the Old.\i0  After that, you can use \i Songs\i0  to get Dwarf-lord only cards to hand. Use \i Horns Horns Horns \i0 to cycle \i Wood-elves\i0 ,\i  Iron Hill Dwarves \i0 and \i Men Dorwinion\i0 .\par
- Nearing end of cycle, decide whether you go for \i Friendship of Old \i0 or \i King under the Mountain\i0 , and sideboard the appropriate card(s) in.\b\par
}
 